Deprecate `inner_transform_program` and `config` arguments to `qml.execute` (#6822)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Deprecations 👋</h3>

> * The ``inner_transform_program`` and ``config`` keyword arguments in ``qml.execute`` has been deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
* The ``inner_transform_program`` and ``config`` keyword arguments in ``qml.execute`` have been deprecated.
```

<h3>Breaking changes 💔</h3>

> * `qml.execute` now has a collection of forced keyword arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.execute` now has a collection of keyword-only arguments.
```

  [(#6598)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6598)

* Removed method `qsvt_legacy` along with its private helper `_qsp_to_qsvt`
  [(#6827)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6827)

<h3>Deprecations 👋</h3>

* The ``inner_transform_program`` and ``config`` keyword arguments in ``qml.execute`` have been deprecated.

>   Instead, use ``qml.run`` with these arguments for a more detailed control over the execution.

Author: ```suggestion
  If more detailed control over the execution is required, use ``qml.workflow.run`` with these arguments instead.
```
